17. UTILITIES. Creekside's electrical system is individually metered, and, depending on the space, has varying capacities for delivering power. Each electrical pedestal is equipped for standard 60-cycle, SO amperes, 120/240 volt service. Such service is limited and resident is required to obtain approval from management, in writing, before adding any major appliance such as a dryer or air conditioner. Permits from the Department of Housing and Community Development are required for alterations to utility systems. Resident warrants that his or her existing mobilehome, appliances and equipment are compatible with Creekside's electrical system and do not exceed the foregoing rating. If resident's mobilehome, appliances and equipment are not compatible with Creekside's electrical system, resident agrees, at his or her expense, to perform the alterations to make them compatible.
   1. No metallic objects shall be placed in contact with the gas delivery lines; such contact disrupts the effectiveness of the cathodic protection system that protects the gas lines from corrosion. This includes gas shut-off wrenches, which may be kept nearby but not in contact with the gas lines.
   2. The meter area must be accessible at all times for reading and maintenance purposes. Dogs may not be kept in the meter area, thereby restricting access thereto. Screening enclosures may be permitted, provided they are easily removable, allow proper ventilation and provide clear sight lines for meter reading. Approval from management, in advance and in writing, is required for all such enclosures.
   3. IMPORTANT: The utilities in Creekside are underground. Approval from management, in writing, is required before resident may dig any hole deeper than twelve (12) inches. Resident and his or her agents will be held responsible for any damage to the underground systems.
