22. TRASH REMOVAL. Creekside provides weekly curbside removal of household trash, yard trimmings and recyclable materials. All such material shall be placed at the curb no later than 8:00
a.m. on trash day, and no earlier than 12:00 p.m. the previous day. Trash must be in sealed plastic
bags. Trash cans are not permitted curbside and will not be emptied by Creekside employees. Yard trimmings may be bagged or tied in bundles no more than six (6) feet long. Recycling of all materials accepted by the local recycling contractor is mandatory. Creekside employees, after a warning notice has been issued, will not pick up trash with recyclable materials in it. Recycling benefits everyone by reducing trash costs. The trash trailer will be parked in the northwest corner of Creekside when it is not being used by Creekside employees, and residents may deposit trash directly into the trailer between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. Residents may not deposit trash into the trailer between the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. Appliances and bagged or bundled yard trimmings may be left in designated areas near the trailer. Cardboard boxes, if flattened, may also be left near the trailer. Residents are asked to keep the area near the trailer free of refuse. Contractors and other residents' agents are not permitted to use the trailer. Trash cans are permitted as receptacles for
plastic bags, but they should be stored at the rear of the carport or in the utility area for minimum visibility from the street.
