24. VEHICLES AND PARKING. State law and these Rules prohibit parking vehicles on the streets of Creekside that block the fire lanes or restrict passage for emergency vehicles. All streets in Creekside are designated as fire lanes.
   1. IMPORTANT: All required "No Parking" signs authorizing the towing of vehicles parked in violation of these Rules are posted. In the event that a vehicle in Creekside is parked in violation of these Rules, management may tow the vehicle out of Creekside at the vehicle owner's expense after giving the owner notice pursuant to Civil Code Section 798.28.5. All residents should carefully review each of the vehicle and parking rules set forth below.
   2. Maximum use will be made of resident's driveway and carport prior to parking in the streets. There is NO parking in the streets after 10:00 p.m. Vehicles parked in the streets after 10:00
p.m. may be towed in accordance with Civil Code Section 798.28.5, as it may be revised from time to time.
   3. Guest parking is provided in certain areas of Creekside. Guest parking is not for overnight parking of occupied recreational vehicles, and storage of unused vehicles in guest parking is prohibited.
   4. Parking in guest parking shall not exceed twenty (24) hours at a time. Maximum use will be made of resident's driveway and carport prior to using guest parking, given that at least two (2) vehicles may be parked at each space.
   5. Storage of inoperative vehicles is not permitted at any space or in guest parking. Campers, trailers, motorhomes and trailered boats are not permitted at any space. Small vans, pickups with camper shells, and small motorhomes used for everyday transportation may be parked at the space if they fit in the carport.
   6. Guests may park in front of the space they are visiting and not in front of another resident's mobilehome. No mechanical repairs, except for emergencies, are permitted at the space. No spray painting, changing automotive fluids, motor washing or other automotive work is permitted. Any spilled fluids must be cleaned up immediately and properly disposed of pursuant to Rule 12(c) above.
   7. The Creekside speed limit is safe and slow, no more than ten (10) miles per hour in any case, and must be observed by all residents and guests. All vehicles must have legal muffling devices and no loud motorcycles will be permitted. All STOP signs and other traffic signs must be observed.
