25. RESPONSIBILITY. LIABILITY AND INSURANCE. Creekside is not responsible for losses of any nature suffered by resident in Creekside, except as caused by management's willful misconduct or active negligence. Resident agrees by signing these Rules and his or her Lease Agreement to hold Creekside harmless for any loss or liability arising out of resident's use of his or her mobilehome, the space or its improvements, or occurring while on Creekside premises, including any loss in connection with mobilehomes, vehicles or other property owned by resident and parked in Creekside.
   1. Resident understands and acknowledges that Creekside does not provide insurance for damage to or loss of resident's mobilehome, accessory structures, household goods, furnishings or other personal property. Resident must therefore obtain such insurance in an amount equal to the value of those items, plus the value of resident's vehicles. Such insurance shall include, but not be limited to, liability coverage of not less than $100,000.00 for bodily injury and property damage occurring on the space as a result of the negligence of resident or resident's guests. Proof of such insurance, including confirmation that Creekside will receive notice of its expiration or cancellation date, must be provided to management (a) by resident within sixty {60) days of the date on which resident signs his or her Lease Agreement; and (b) by any person to whom resident's Lease Agreement is assigned ("Assignee") within sixty (60) days of the date on which Assignee signs the Assignment of Lease Agreement attached as Exhibit 110" to the Lease Agreement. In addition, Creekside must receive notice if, and only if, such insurance expires or is cancelled. Creekside does not require annual notices regarding the renewal of such insurance, and will assume unless it hears otherwise that such insurance is in good standing. Should resident or Assignee's insurance be allowed to lapse, Creekside may, at its option, secure coverage in its place with the cost of said coverage to be additional rent due under the Lease Agreement. However, this option shall not be construed to give rise to any liability for Creekside's failure to obtain such coverage, as resident shall remain solely liable for resident's failure to purchase and maintain adequate insurance. Resident may also obtain fire, earthquake, flood and extended coverage if he or she so wishes.
   2. Creekside will record and post a notice of non-responsibility in connection with any work of improvement on the space by resident or his or her agents. Creekside's failure to record and/or post such notice shall not waive Creekside's non-responsibility for any such works of improvement on the space. Required permits, local or state licenses, and evidence of workers compensation insurance as required by the City of San Luis Obispo and/or State of California, must be obtained and submitted to management prior to the commencement of work.
