3. REGISTERED OWNERS AND GUESTS.  At all times, at least one (1) person occupying each mobilehome in Creekside on a full-time basis must be the "registered owner" of the mobilehome. The residents of the mobilehome must be the owner, the relatives of the owner, or must reside with the owner as provided herein, in the Lease Agreement, and in the MRL. A resident may also be a person who is subletting a mobilehome in Creekside, with approval from management, in advance and in writing.
   1. In addition, a person who resides in a mobilehome in Creekside for in excess of twenty (20) consecutive days or thirty (30) days in a calendar year, and who is eligible for residency under the terms herein, shall be deemed a resident upon execution of the then-current residency documents. Occupancy of each mobilehome is limited to two (2) persons per bedroom plus one (1) person. A bedroom is defined as a room with at least one (1) closet, window and exit that was designed and constructed as such by the manufacturer of the mobilehome. All residents shall be registered with management.
   2. Guests are welcome in Creekside, provided that their visits are less than or equal to twenty
(20) consecutive days or thirty (30) days in a calendar year. Such guests are known herein as house guests.
   3. Guests using the recreational and other facilities in Creekside must be accompanied by their host resident at all times. House guests may use the facilities without being accompanied by their host resident, provided that they are registered with management in the house guest log book. Residents are asked to use reasonable discretion regarding the number of guests they bring into Creekside, including house guests. If the number of guests brought to the swimming pool, for example, interferes with other residents' right to enjoy the swimming pool, then that is too many guests. All residents, guests, agents and contractors must observe the speed limit and all posted rules, traffic signs and curb markings in Creekside, which are incorporated by reference as though fully set forth herein.
