30. SUBLETTING AND RIGHTS OF HEIRS, ETC. Resident may only sublease the space as allowed by Civil Code Section 798.23.5, or in the event that resident brings to Creekside's attention special circumstances that result in Creekside, in its sole discretion, approving a sublease, in advance and in writing. If a registered owner of a mobilehome will not be residing in the mobilehome, guests may not occupy or otherwise use the mobilehome without management approval, in advance and in writing. Subletting not allowed by Section 798.23.5 is not a right, but a privilege that may be rescinded at any time.
   1. The rights of heirs, joint tenants and personal representatives of the estate of a resident in the event of the death of the resident are stated in Civil Code Section 798.78. Such individuals may (1) sell the mobilehome to a third party if the resident's responsibilities to management regarding rent, utilities and reasonable maintenance of the mobilehome and space that have arisen since the death of the resident have been satisfied as they have accrued, (2) replace the mobilehome with another mobilehome or repair the mobilehome so it complies with applicable health and safety standards, or
(3) establish a tenancy in the park, so long as he or she is approved for such a tenancy. If the heir, joint tenant or personal representative does not satisfy the requirements of (1) above, the heir, joint tenant or personal representative may be required to remove the mobilehome from the park. The only situation in which the heir, joint tenant or personal representative becomes a resident of the park is (3) above.
