31. NO WAIVER FOR DELAY IN ENFORCEMENT OR ACCEPTANCE OF RENT.  If resident defaults on
any obligation or duty under these Rules or his or her Lease Agreement, a delay or omission in exercising any right or remedy management may have because of the default will not impair such right or remedy, nor will it be considered a waiver of any right or remedy. No waiver by management of the right to enforce any provision of these Rules or the Lease Agreement after any default on resident's part will be effective unless it is made in writing and signed by management, nor will it be considered a waiver of any rights to enforce each and every provision of these Rules and the Lease Agreement upon any further or other default by resident. Management has no authority to waive any rule or regulation, make any exception to a rule or regulation, or agree to any modification, deletion or alteration in any residency document without approval from Creekside, in advance and in writing.
   2. Acceptance of rent shall not reinstate or create a tenancy. Conditional acceptance of rent pending approval of tenancy shall not be deemed to create a tenancy or waive any requirements applicable to tenancy, purchaser application or. approval requirements or assignment or transfer requirements. Acceptance of rent shall not constitute a waiver of any violation of these Rules, other grounds for termination of tenancy specified in the MRL, or any other right granted to Creekside. Acceptance of rent after service of a notice of termination as specified in Civil Code Section 798.57 shall not waive, affect or prejudice the notice, nor shall routine service of other notices, management communications or other actions or omissions of management waive, prejudice or affect the right to terminate tenancy, process a purchaser application and approve a tenant for tenancy, or otherwise affect the rights of management. Possession of rent by management shall not constitute acceptance thereof until such acceptance is approved by Creekside. Accordingly, the receipt by or tender of payment to management shall be conditional and for custody purposes only until approved by Creekside.
   3. No waiver by Creekside of its right to enforce any provision hereof, after resident's default, shall be deemed a waiver or estoppel of Creekside's right to enforce its rights upon any further default by resident. The acceptance of rent hereunder shall not be, nor shall it be construed to be, a waiver or estoppel of any breach of any term, covenant, rule or condition of these Rules or resident's Lease Agreement, nor shall it reinstate, continue or extend the term of the Lease Agreement or affect any notice, demand or suit thereunder.
