33. SWIMMING POOL. Residents understand that the use of the pool and spa may be a hazard if those who use them are not careful. Residents further understand that the use of the spa may be a health and safety hazard to persons with certain medical conditions. Residents have been advised to consult with their physicians prior to using the spa.
   1. Residents further understand that there is no lifeguard on duty at the pool. Do not swim alone or while intoxicated. Residents further understand that any guests at the pool must be supervised at all times in order to avoid injury.
   2. Children fourteen (14) years of age and under may not use the pool or spa without direct supervision by an adult resident. No children are permitted in the pool or spa unless they are potty­ trained or wearing a swim diaper.
   3. Appropriate manufactured swimwear is required when in the pool or spa. No cut denim (also known as "cut-offs") or other attire not designed for swimming is permitted. Residents hereby release and indemnify management and its agents and employees from any and all claims for damages, injuries and otherwise, resulting from residents' use of the pool and spa. Residents further agree to hold management free and harmless from any and all liability and expense in connection with any injuries sustained by resident, any member of resident's family, any guest of resident, or any member of any guest's family, in the pool, spa or surrounding area. This release is intended as a full and complete release of any and all claims resulting from the use of the pool, spa and surrounding area, and it includes an agreement to release and indemnify management from any such claims in the future.
   4. Residents further release Creekside, its representatives and its agents from any and all claims for damages and/or injuries arising out of residents' use of the other recreational and other facilities in Creekside, and any damages and/or injuries caused by residents' guests, other residents or their guests.
   5. The undersigned hereby assumes full r_esponsibility for and risk of bodily injury, death or property damage while on Creekside premises and/or while using the premises or any facilities or equipment therein.
   6. Management may seek an injunction to prevent a resident or guest from behaving inappropriately at the pool, spa, surrounding area or elsewhere in Creekside. Should management do so, resident agrees that irreparable harm and the lack of an adequate legal remedy exists and need not be proved, established or evidence thereof proffered.
   7. Spring, summer and fall pool hours are 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Winter pool hours are 8:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pool covers will be used to maintain pool temperature during inclement weather. Covers must be completely removed prior to use..
   8. Running, diving, jumping, acrobatics, horseplay and other boisterous activities that may cause injury or disturb enjoyment of the pool, spa and surrounding area by other residents and guests are not permitted. Balls, toys, rafts, inner tubes, scuba gear or other apparatuses are not permitted due to space limitations. Exercise aids such as kickboards are permitted when used properly.
   9. No glass or other breakable materials are permitted in the pool, spa or surrounding area.

