5. CONDUCT.  Actions by any person of any nature that may be dangerous, injurious, a nuisance, a breach of quiet enjoyment, disturbing, annoying, obscene, offensive to the senses of other residents, profane, tortious, damaging, illegal, indecent, or which may create a health and safety risk or unreasonable interference with the rights and privileges of others in Creekside, are prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, any unusual, disturbing or excessive noise, intoxication, quarreling, threatening, fighting, immoral or illegal conduct, profanity, illegal activity, dangerous or negligent conduct or conditions, or objectionable or abusive language or conduct. The use, display or brandishing of any weapon, including, but not limited to, bows and arrows, BB/pellet/dart guns, slingshots, bats or clubs, martial arts weapons, guns, knives, fireworks and flares, is also prohibited. Persons under the influence of alcohol, or any other controlled substance, shall not be permitted in any area of Creekside that is generally open to residents and guests.
   1. All equipment that transmits music or other sound, televisions, musical instruments and other devices must be used so as not to disturb others. Mobilehomes may amplify sound so as to disturb and annoy other residents, especially sound in the bass range. "Ham" or "CB" radios or other radio transmitters that cause interference to telephone, television or radio reception may not be operated in Creekside. No exterior "ham" and "CB" antennas are allowed.
   2. Residents and guests shall not encroach or trespass on any other resident's space or any area not generally open to residents and guests. All Creekside property that is not generally open to residents and guests, including, but not limited to, gas, electric, sewer and water connections, other equipment connected with utility services, and tools and equipment belonging to Creekside, shall not be used, tested, examined, opened, adjusted, inspected, tampered with or interfered with in any way by residents and guests for safety reasons.
   3. Except for barbecues approved by management, in advance and in writing, and fireplaces and other appliances in a resident's mobilehome, no fires are permitted in Creekside.
   4. The mobilehomes and spaces in Creekside shall be used for private residential purposes only, unless a Home Occupation Permit has been obtained as provided below.  Any activity that increases foot or vehicular traffic, or dust, noise or odors in Creekside, or that is inconsistent with the zoning and permits under which Creekside operates, is prohibited. Prohibited conduct and actions include leasing, subleasing, selling and exchanging mobilehomes (except as permitted in accordance with these Rules and the MRL), and actions that may affect the insurability of Creekside or increase the cost of its insurance. Home businesses must be approved by management, in advance and in writing, and resident must obtain a Home Occupation Permit from the City of San Luis Obispo and comply with all of the conditions thereof.
