6. CLUBHOUSE.  The main room and kitchen in the clubhouse may be reserved by residents for private functions. Other residents shall still have access to the game room, meeting room/library and restrooms. Reservations shall be taken by management on a first come, first served basis, so long as the date and time of the function does not conflict with any other planned function. The host resident must be present during the entire function, and he or she is responsible for the behavior of his or her guests and for making sure the clubhouse and contents thereof are not damaged during the function. Tablecloths or other protection must be used on wood tables so they are not damaged by food, beverages or crafts. The host resident shall reimburse Creekside for the cost of repairing any damage to furniture or flooring that occurs during the function. Use of the clubhouse for functions may not disturb management in the office or the residents of the mobilehomes near the clubhouse.
   1. There will be no charge for the use of the clubhouse, but the host resident may be required to pay a cleaning deposit if the function is not hosted by a resident and/or if all residents are not allowed to attend. The host resident is responsible for returning the clubhouse to the clean state it was in before the function. If the resident does so, the deposit will be returned. If the resident fails to do so, the deposit will be applied to the cost of the cleaning and any unused amount will be returned. If the resident fails to do so and the cost of the cleaning exceeds the deposit, the deposit will not be returned and the resident will be billed for the excess and must pay it immediately.
   2. All recyclable materials generated during a function shall be placed in the recycling bins and not in the trash. The host resident is responsible for instructing his or her guests to recycle. Full trash cans and recycling bins shall be emptied, and full trash bags may be placed in the Creekside trash trailer or left in the trash can area of the pool deck. Replacement trash bags are located under the stove in the kitchen.
   3. All functions must be over, and the clubhouse must be cleaned, by 10:00 p.m. The keys to the clubhouse may be dropped in the rent check slot or returned to the office by 10:00 a.m. the next morning.
   4. Balloons, signs and other decorations shall not be hung or attached to trees, light posts or anywhere outside of the clubhouse, and tape, tacks and pins shall not be used on the walls in the clubhouse as they remove and/or damage the paint.
   5. Parking for functions in the clubhouse is limited. The host resident is responsible for controlling guest parking and ensuring that guests do not block driveways or park in other inappropriate locations. A couple of spaces may be barricaded for barbeques, but as many spaces as possible shall be used for guest parking.
   6. No copyrighted videos, movies or other materials may be shown on the clubhouse television without a license from the Motion Picture Licensing Corporation.
   7. All functions in the clubhouse must be in full compliance with these Rules and the other residency documents. Resident must therefore provide management with information regarding the function, so an evaluation can be made as to whether it is in compliance with these Rules and the other residency documents. Clubhouse parties are not to be pool parties, because too many guests around the pool are a safety hazard and interfere with other residents' right to use the pool. Residents and guests only have the right to use the recreational and other facilities in Creekside, including the clubhouse, if they comply with these Rules and the other residency documents. In using such facilities, all residents and guests are expected to observe the rules of good conduct and to exercise good judgment. Creekside reserves the right to eject and ban from the recreational and other facilities, including the clubhouse, any person who may be a nuisance or who is causing a disturbance. Creekside shall be the sole judge of whether a particular person is a nuisance or is causing a disturbance.
